What's up everyone? We are at the Google
Cloud booth where the Ask the Expert
sessions are in full swing. Luckily, I
have our GKE and DRRA experts Kevin and
Mopy whose talk was all about requesting
capabilities, not [music] nodes. So,
MPHI, maybe you could tell us about the
challenges with requesting specialized
hardware the old way like GPUs in
Kubernetes.
>> Yeah, the old ways are a little bit
limiting where you basically said I want
X number of GPUs, but you had to if you
wanted a specific GPU on a specific
node, you had to put that in node labels
in your podspec. uh that was limiting
because in the future if your cluster
changed and you added more nodes of
different types you'd have to go back
and change those node labels to match
the new nodes that you wanted. So that
was not very future proof and also it
was not very powerful to do very much
GPU sharing techniques that we do today.
>> All right. Well, that brings us to
capabilities. So Kevin, can you tell us
about the DRA new paradigm [music] shift
and what this fundamentally changes
about how we request?
>> Sure. DRA stands for dynamic resource
allocation and it's a feature we've been
working on in the upstream Kubernetes
community for a number of years and it
really does provide a much richer API
than for requesting access to
specialized hardware than what the the
old device plug-in API allowed you to
request with.
>> Nice. So what does this mean in
practice? How does this actually benefit
developers workflow? [music]
So for a developer now you have platform
teams that can create different uh
templates that says like I want to
target a GPU that has more than certain
amount of memory or certain CUDA version
or certain GPU device architecture and
these are a lot more flexible definition
that can sustain like longer period of
time as the cluster changes those
capabilities will remain the same and
you don't have to go and keep changing
your definition over and over again.
>> Well what about specialized hardware how
does it change what we can request?
Well, that's one of the key features of
DRA is that it makes it possible for any
vendor to bring along their own driver
[music] and make any specialized
hardware they want available to a KMI's
cluster to be requested via this new
API.
>> Well, you heard it here. Requesting
capabilities, not knows that the new
DRRA paradigm shift. Thanks.